Why are you hitting people?
Lu Xiao, this is the explanation you gave me.
Be obedient and go home
Do I still have a home?
Cheating man take your dirty hands off
Wakao
What do you think there is to miss such a man?
I'll accompany you to have an abortion.
What do other people's family affairs have to do with you?
Little sister, Lu Xiao and I are just going to talk about your business.
I don't mean anything else.
Uncle, go back first
I can handle these things
But it's okay, don't worry.
You go back first
If you were the one who was pregnant with the child of the road salesperson
How nice it would be
Don't worry, grandpa, I will definitely break them up.
Find a way to make it difficult for Gao Chao to drink the abortion medicine
Look at me.
You go talk business
I'm going, too.